---
title: Alchemy Beta 3.8.1
description: Legacy blog post originally published on 2015-07-16.
---

> Originally published: 2015-07-16
> Tags: alchemy, release
> Authors: cinder

So I was just roller skating down the street one day and my wheel got caught on the storm drain. I fell on my face and it hurt pretty bad. It's a good thing though, you know? Because I had the best idea in the back of the ambulance. Why don't we do monthly releases? So I brought it up to the rest of the team, and they were like, yeah we'll see. Depends how it goes, and whaddaya know. We've got Alchemy Beta 3.8.1 hot and ready like we're Little Caesar's® over here. Mmmmmm, nothing tastes as good as running an Alchemy Beta feels.

It's better than Little Caesar's® though! Instead of somewhat crusty pepperonis we've got the latest from Linden Lab. Well, I guess updates from Linden Lab are more like the cornmeal on the bottom of the crust... What do you guys think? I'm just dying to know. Leave a comment and let me know plz. Ok, so we have the cornmealy updates from Second Life 3.8.1. We've got your pepperonis in the form of much requested audio stream info. We've got your muenster cheese bug fixes sprinkled all over the damn place. We've got OpenSSL updates among other boring-to-you changes blended in with the sauce, and hey, we even through in some little sprinkle packets of Parmesan cheese just for you because we love you.

It's a $5 HOT-N-READY Beta for your consumption. Come get a slice, friends.

<!--truncate-->
