---
title: Alchemy Beta 4.0.0
description: Legacy blog post originally published on 2016-02-16.
---

> Originally published: 2016-02-16
> Tags: alchemy, beta, release
> Authors: cinder

Hello hello, we're back with a new beta release of your favorite virtual worlds viewer, Alchemy. Did you miss us? We missed you. First of all, sorry not sorry for missing a bunch of monthly releases. Full time emloyment is usually the death of open source viewer projects, but here we are and here is Alchemy 4.0.0 Let's get down to biz now and talk about the viewer.

<!--truncate-->

Alchemy 4.0.0 is based on Second Life 4.0.0 with many notable changes including the replacement of the Qt Webkit Browser Engine with Chromium Embedded Framework. What does that mean to you? Well, webpages and shared media are no longer stuck using mid-2000's web tech. You'll be able to play all the youtubes and porntubes your "heart" desires. What's more, we've gone beyond Linden Lab and bring you the most up to date chromium engine possible.

Also similar but not identical is the new ability for automatic updates, so you always have the latest and greatest version of Alchemy.

We've added a much requested feature, a fresh take on a chat bar for nearby chat. No more having to pop up Conversations any time you want to say something or control an object nearby.

There's a whole slew of OpenSim related fixes to make your experience smoother and more compatible. Told ya we'd work out the rough edges. On top of that, massive amounts of changes you won't be able to see but you just may feel them. A lot of under the hood code has been changed, and twiddled, and reworked, and twisted, and polished.

And as always, there are a few hidden gems spread about for your enjoyment, so enjoy it, and please please please report any bugs you find. Logging into, you know, Google Pluh and thinking up some, you know, conspiracies and just posting them everywhere you can possibly think of, and, you know, accusing us of being some kind of pasty for some kind of successful business is kinda, you know, the opposite of helpful feedback. Demands, threats, and insults, leave those all out of your bug reports too. Just the details we need to solve the problem will do fine.

Be nice or we will have to resort to writing fake testimonials with stock models. Dig it?

Have at it, you crazy kids:
